Bug 1712322 - Add reference pages about debugging APIs (#1647)
mozilla/glean: docs/user/user/debugging/index.md

# Debugging products using the Glean SDK

> Glean provide a few debugging features to assist on debugging a product using Glean.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Glean provides a few debugging features to assist with debugging a product using Glean.
```
